From and after the Closing, each party acknowledges and agrees that, other than in the case of Fraud, with respect to the adjustment mechanics contained in Section 2.7, or with respect to any Ancillary Agreement, the indemnification obligations set forth in this Article IX will constitute the sole and exclusive remedies of the Parties for any Losses based on, arising out of or otherwise in respect of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby except for remedies involving specific performance or other equitable relief pursuant to Section 10.12. The limits imposed on the Parties and their respective Affiliates remedies with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement including this Section 9.5 and the exceptions hereto were specifically bargained for between sophisticated parties and were specifically taken into account in the determination of the amounts to be paid to Parent hereunder. Section 9.6 Tax Treatment. The Parties agree to treat any payment made pursuant to this Article IX as an adjustment to the Final Purchase Price for Tax purposes to the extent permitted by applicable Law. 92 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS Section 10.1 Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly provided herein, a Buyer shall pay its own fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby, including all costs and expenses related to the RW Policy and the fees, costs and expenses of its financial advisors, accountants and counsel, and b Parent shall pay the fees, costs and expenses incurred by Parent and its Affiliates and, to the extent incurred prior to the Closing, the Companies in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the fees, costs and expenses of Parents and, to the extent incurred prior to the Closing, the Companies financial advisors, accountants and counsel. Section 10.2 Notices. All notices, requests, demands, waivers and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by any of the following methods a personal delivery b registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested c overnight mail or d email transmission. Notices shall be sent to the appropriate Party at its address given below or at such other address for such Party as shall be specified by notice given hereunder If to Buyer, to co Veritas Capital Fund VIII, L.P. 9 West 57th Street, 32nd Floor New York, NY 10019 Attention Dipo Ashiru Email with a copy which shall not constitute notice to Gibson, Dunn Crutcher LLP 200 Park Avenue New York, NY 101660193 Attention John M. Pollack Lilit Voskanyan Email If to Parent, to NCR Voyix Corporation 864 Spring Street, NW Atlanta, Georgia 30308 Attention Kelli Sterrett, General Counsel Email 93 with a copy which shall not constitute notice to King Spalding LLP 1180 Peachtree Street, N.E.