Yet, if users did not up grade and the majority of the hash power switched to the new 2MB chain, there might not be enough miners to ensure the validity of the original 1MB blockchain. That would leave the original chain vulnerable to attack.216 These twin threats highlighted the possibility of a split between a majority of the miners and an economic majority of the wallets and platforms, rais ing the question of whose consensus mattered for blockchain governance.217 Despite the agreement, the group of miners led by Jihan Wu decided to opt out of the SegWit debate and increase the size of bitcoin blocks on their own.218 On August 1, 2017, they implemented a new consensus protocol that raised the block size from 1MB to 8 MB.219 There were now two protocols, one that recognized only 1 MB blocks as valid, and one that recognized 8MB blocks. This resulted in two mutually incompatible chainsand thus a hard fork in the blockchain. Some miners stuck with the old protocol, while others moved to the new chain, resulting in two currencies Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash.220 Akin to how shares are distributed after a corporate spin off, Hodlers received one Bitcoin Cash for each Bitcoin they held on the day of the hard fork. Bitcoin Cash promoters claimed to be the true heir to Satoshi Nakamotos vision and thus the true Bitcoin.221 However, the market 216. 217. Id. Another group of miners decided to opt out of this debate entirely. They created a hard fork on August 1, 2017 by altering the consensus protocol to create blocks that were 8 MB rather than 1 MB. 218. Sudhir Khatwani, Bitcoin Cash BCH A New Feather in Bitcoins Fork Cap, COINSUTRA, httpscoinsutra.combitcoincashbch last updated July 9, 2018. 219. Josiah Wilmoth, The First 8MB Bitcoin Cash Block Was Just Mined, CCN Aug. 17, 2017, httpswww.ccn.comfirst8mbbitcoincashblockjustmined. 220. In an interesting coda to this story, one year after the contentious fork that created Bitcoin Cash, the cryptocurrency appears on the verge of another contentious hard fork, this time over how to treat noncash transactions in addition to disagreements over block size. Bitcoin Cash Might Chain Split Fork As Tensions Rise with Jihan Wu Calling Craig Wright Fake Satoshi, TRUSTNODES Aug. 21, 2018, httpswww.trustnodes.com20180821 bitcoincashmightchainsplitforktensionsrisejihanwucallingcraigwrightfakesatoshi. Noting that the platforms are kingmakers in these sorts of situations, TrustNodes unironical ly asks Would any of them trust a Craig Wright chain? Id. Another commenter sees the ma jor mining pools as the key decisionmakers. Jeff Benson, The Potential Bitcoin Cash Hard Fork, Explained, ETHNEWS Aug. 25, 2018, httpswww.ethnews.comthepotentialbitcoin cashhardforkexplained. Both perspectives assume that the outcome will be the result of a relatively centralized decisionmaking process in which a few powerful interests dictate the outcome. A far cry from cryptocurrencys decentralized peertopeer rhetoric. 221. See, e.g., Jonald Fyookball, 12 Reasons Bitcoin Cash Is the Real Bitcoin, BITCOIN.COM Feb. 2, 2018, httpsnews.bitcoin.com12reasonsbitcoincashrealbitcoin Iyke Aru, Roger Ver Declares Bitcoin Cash to Be True Bitcoin, Market Forces Bring More Attention, Nov.