Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, Buyer shall make all strategic and tactical decisions as to the manner in which to obtain from any Governmental Entity under the HSR Act or any other applicable Antitrust Laws, all necessary consents, approvals, Orders or waivers, and to avoid or eliminate each and every impediment under any Antitrust Laws that may be asserted by any Governmental Entity or any other party in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement provided that Buyer shall consult in advance with Parent and consider in good faith the views of Parent with respect to such strategy and tactical decisions. f No later than thirty 30 days following the Closing, Buyer shall prepare and submit the necessary notification with the appropriate Governmental Entity in Canada in accordance with the Investment Canada Act the ICA. Buyer shall provide all required information and documentation pertaining to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Parties hereto, as required by the ICA and its associated regulations. Parent agrees to cooperate with Buyer to provide any information or assistance reasonably necessary to complete the filings required under the ICA following the Closing. Section 6.5 Reasonable Best Efforts. Without limiting the foregoing, each of the Parties shall cooperate, and use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Laws to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as promptly as practicable after the date hereof. The Parties further covenant and agree, with respect to a threatened or pending, preliminary or permanent Law or Order that would materially adversely affect the ability of the Parties to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, to use reasonable best efforts to prevent or lift the entry, enactment or promulgation thereof, as the case may be. Section 6.6 Public Announcements. The Parties shall cooperate to issue a single joint press release or public announcement First Public Announcement, regarding this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Following the First Public Announcement, if any, none of Buyer or any of its Affiliates shall issue any press release or make any public announcement regarding this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior written consent of Parent, except for any communication that is required by Law or the rules of any national securities exchange provided, that Buyer will use reasonable efforts to make such required 61 communication available for review by Parent reasonably in advance of such communication and will consider in good faith any comments reasonably provided by Parent.