Morgan Chase, Bank of America Citi Bar People from Buy ing Bitcoin with a Credit Card, CNBC Feb. 3, 2018, 747 AM, httpswww.cnbc.com2018 0202jpmorganchasebankofamericabarbitcoinbuyswithacreditcard.html. 371. John Egan, Buy Bitcoin With Credit Cards? Big Banks Say No, CREDITCARDS.COM Feb. 6, 2018, httpswww.creditcards.comcreditcardnewsbitcoin creditcardissuersbarpurchases.php. 372. 373. See id. See, e.g., Bank of America Corp., Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15d of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 10K at 15 Feb. 22, 2018 noting that clients may choose to conduct business with other market participants who engage in business or offer products in areas we deem speculative or risky, such as cryptocurrencies and that increased competition from cryptocurrency may negatively affect our earnings by creating pressure to lower prices or credit standards on our products and services requiring additional investment to improve the quality and delivery of our technology andor reducing our market share, or affecting the willingness of our clients to do business with us.. 374. Mike Brown, Poll Some Investors Use a Credit Card to Buy Bitcoin and then Car ry Over the Balance, LENDEDU Aug. 18, 2018, httpslendedu.comblogbitcoinandcredit cards. 375. Joel Valenzula, Trustlessness is Effectively a Myth, DASH FORCE NEWS Oct. 8, 2017, httpswww.dashforcenews.comtrustlessnesseffectivelymyth. Fall 2018 Myth of the Trustless Transaction 55 problem and finding a balance between centralized and distributed control will be essential to maintaining everyones trust in the system.376 The notion that one can trust in the immutability of the blockchain spreads a halo of trust over the universe of cryptocurrencies. Combined with the lack of gov ernment oversight, this trust halo makes cryptocurrencies almost a perfect vehicle for scams.377 The blockchain rhetoric of a trustless system obscures the many places at which a market participant must trust another, sometimes dubious, actor. As one commenter noted, everything requires trust. Aside from tautologies, its impossible for you to verify anything without putting your trust somewhere.378 Cryptocurrencies currently relocate that trust from regulators and the commercial actors they oversee, to nameless, faceless ac tors accountable to no one. Moreover, those cryptocurrency interactions are typically not mediated by the conventional regulatory signifiers of trust in financial transactions. Ironically, the success of trustless cryptocurrency depends large ly on trust. Indeed, blockchain, the limited supply of coins, the lack of centralized controlthe very things that purportedly make it a system that does not require trustare all touted as reasons to trust this tech nology. For example, the cryptocurrency Dash claims to be a form of de centralized governance run by its masternodes. Its website contains advice for how to start a hosted masternode.379 Yet Dashs explanation of its gov ernance system also proclaims that every masternode operator establishes a bond of trust and a social contract with the network in which she is bound to contribute to the development and maintenance of the ecosystem she benefits from.380 As crypto bull, Michael Novogratz stated that, Bitcoin is based on an amazing technology. Theres a limited supply of it, people are trusting it.