Each of Buyer and Parent shall cooperate with the other in preparing IRS Form 8594 or any equivalent statements required by any Governmental Entity charged with the collection of any income Tax for filing within a reasonable period before its filing due date. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.8 to the contrary, to the extent it is necessary to allocate the Purchase Price among the Equity Interests prior to the final determination of the Allocation Schedule in connection with any documents required to effectuate the transactions contemplated hereby for jurisdictions outside of the U.S., each of Buyer and Parent shall and shall cause their respective Affiliates to reasonably cooperate in good faith to agree upon such allocation. Section 2.9 Withholding. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Buyer and any of its Affiliates shall be entitled to deduct and withhold or cause to be deducted and withheld Taxes from any amounts payable to Parent pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as may be required to be deducted or withheld by applicable Laws, and any such amounts that are so deducted and withheld shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Persons in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made. Buyer shall remit the amounts deducted and withheld to the applicable Governmental Entity to the extent required by applicable Laws. As of the date hereof, Buyer is not aware of any obligation to so withhold from amounts payable to Parent pursuant to this Agreement assuming for this purpose that the Parent has timely delivered a properly completed and duly executed IRS Form W9 pursuant to Section 2.5c. Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than withholding in connection with compensatory payments or as a result of Parents failure to provide the certificate described in Section 2.5c, Buyer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Parent with reasonable notice of any proposed deduction and withholding prior to making any deduction and withholding of any amount payable to Parent and shall consult in good faith with Parent to reduce or eliminate the amount of such deduction and withholding to the extent permitted by applicable Law. 27 Section 2.10 Intended Tax Treatment. The Parties intend that, for U.S. federal and all applicable state and local income Tax purposes, the transfer of the Equity Interests to Buyer and the payment of the Purchase Price, the issuance by Intermediate of the Intermediate Stock to Holdings and the issuance by Topco of the Class C Partnership Interests to Holdings hereunder be treated a as a taxable sale of a proportionate undivided interest in the assets of Digital First and the assets of any other Company that is treated as a disregarded entity for U.S.