The digitalfirst banking platform is a pioneer in mobile and online banking with a superior value proposition and significant runway for growth, said Ramzi Musallam, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of Veritas. We believe the platform represents a compelling opportunity to invest in a set of missioncritical solutions that will empower both community and enterprise financial institutions and provide new and innovative banking tools to millions of users. Our DigitalFirst solution suite has been strategically designed to grow and expand with our customers over time as their retail and business banking distribution and customer engagement strategies evolve, said Brendan Tansill, Executive Vice President and President of Digital Banking for NCR Voyix. Veritas brings a proven track record of successfully executing similar business carveouts and subsequently driving growth. We look forward to working alongside their experienced team as we continue to pursue commerce and banking innovations that help our customers and their users succeed. This transaction is part of the Companys ongoing efforts to streamline its operations to focus specifically on its core software and services offerings for restaurants and retailers around the world. NCR Voyix expects to use the proceeds of the transaction to accelerate the achievement of certain financial objectives, including delevering the balance sheet, which will enable greater strategic investment in the Companys core businesses. Transaction Details The transaction has been approved by NCR Voyixs Board of Directors and is expected to close by yearend, subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. Pursuant to the terms of the definitive agreement, Veritas will acquire the assets of the NCR Voyix Digital Banking business for a purchase price of 2.45 billion plus future additional contingent consideration of up to 100 million. Conference Call NCR Voyix will host a conference call and webcast today, August 6, 2024, at 800 a.m. Eastern Time to discuss the Companys second quarter financial results and business highlights, as well as details about the transaction. Access to the webcast and the accompanying slides are available on the Investor Relations section of the Companys website at httpsinvestor.ncrvoyix.com. A replay of the audio webcast will be archived on the Companys website following the live event. More information on the Companys second quarter earnings is available on the NCR Voyix Investor Relations section of the Companys website at httpsinvestor.ncrvoyix.com. Exhibit 99.1 Advisors Goldman Sachs Co. LLC served as financial advisor and King Spalding served as legal counsel to NCR Voyix. Evercore served as financial advisor and Gibson, Dunn Crutcher LLP is acting as legal counsel to Veritas. About NCR Voyix NCR Voyix Corporation NYSE VYX is a leading global provider of digital commerce solutions for the retail, restaurant, and digital banking industries. NCR Voyix transforms retail stores, restaurant systems and digital banking experiences with comprehensive, platformled SaaS and services capabilities. NCR Voyix is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, with customers in more than 30 countries across the globe.