other participants in the industries in which the Business operates. Net Working Capital means Current Assets minus Current Liabilities. Net Working Capital Overage means the absolute value of the amount, if any, by which a the Net Working Capital is greater than b the Upper Net Working Capital Target. Net Working Capital Underage means the absolute value of the amount, if any, by which a the Net Working Capital is less than b the Lower Net Working Capital Target. NonU.S. Transferred Corporation means any Company that is, or is treated as, a corporation for U.S. federal income Tax purposes and is formed or incorporated outside of the United States. Order means any award, order, judgment, writ, injunction, ruling or decree entered, issued, made or rendered by any Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction. Ordinary Course means the ordinary course of business of the Business consistent with past practice. Owned Intellectual Property Rights means all Intellectual Property Rights that are a owned or purported by Parent to be owned by any of the Companies as of the date hereof or that are b owned or purported to be owned by Parent or any of its Affiliates as of the date hereof and will be transferred to the Companies prior to the Closing pursuant to the PreClosing Restructuring. Pandemic Response Laws means the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, the Families First Coronavirus Response Act of 2020, the Taxpayer Certainty and Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2020, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, the Executive Order Re Deferring Payroll Tax Obligations in Light of the Ongoing COVID19 Disaster Aug. 8, 2020, IRS Notice 202065, IRS Notice 202111, and, in each case, any amendments thereof, any successor law, 12 any guidance issued in respect thereof and any other similar or analogous federal, state, local, or nonU.S. Law, executive order or executive memo, or administrative guidance intended to benefit taxpayers in response to COVID19 and the associated economic downturn. Parent Indemnified Taxes means, without duplication, any and all Taxes or the nonpayment thereof a of Parent or any of its Affiliates other than the Companies for any taxable period or portion thereof b that are Transfer Taxes allocable to Parent pursuant to Section 6.7d c that are any Combined Taxes d of or with respect to any Company resulting from, attributable to, or arising in connection with including any event, transaction, circumstance, relationship or other action occurring in the PreClosing Restructuring, and e any reasonable outofpocket costs and expenses including reasonable attorneys and advisors fees paid or incurred by Buyer or its Affiliates including by the Companies after the Closing with respect to the foregoing provided, however, that Parent Indemnified Taxes shall exclude any Taxes to the extent reflected in the calculation of final Net Working Capital or the final Closing Indebtedness. Patent and Technology License Agreement means a patent and technology license agreement to be entered into between Parent and Digital First, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1.1f.