In theory, every node verifies every block by verifying every transaction with in that block, before relaying that block to another node.149 The transaction is considered confirmed when enough new blocks have been added to the chain on top of the particular block encoding that transaction. Because this consensus mechanism creates a single, global ledger, each node will use the identical agreedupon history as it verifies the validity of any new block or transaction. This decentralized verification against an identical ledger is the source of cryptocurrencys much heralded security against hacking and doublespending. Every bitcoin is identifiable, allowing the payment system to confirm precisely which bitcoins are being sent, and from where, before the transaction is logged in the distributed ledger. Because each coin can on ly be in one place at a time, this system offers protection from an unscrupu lous coin owner trying to game the system by spending the same coin twice. One can think of the blockchain as a decentralized, publicly accessible, vir tual paper trail documenting the history of each coinits past and current ownership and the journey the coin has taken from owner to owner.150 The idea is that this decentralized process prevents forgery or doublespending, without the need for a trusted third party. As a result, the majority of the participants on the network get to decide what version of the blockchain represents the truth.151 Most cryptocurrency participants do not run a full node there are only about 10,000 full nodes in existence.152 Instead, many cryptocurrency hold ers rely on socalled light nodes also called light wallets, which use a sim plified payment verification system SPV. These SPV nodes connect with 148. Miners are full nodes, but full nodes need not be miners. Miners can create and propose blocks to the blockchain, but it is full nodes that determine the consensus for which blocks will be added to the blockchain. 149. See Danny Hamilton, Difference Between Miners and Nodes, BITCOIN FORUM Dec. 31, 2016, httpsbitcointalk.orgindex.php?topic1734235.0. 150. Catherine M. Christopher, The Bridging Model Exploring the Roles of Trust and Enforcement in Banking, Bitcoin and Blockchain, 17 NEV. L.J. 139, 14445 2016. 151. Jimi S., Blockchain How a 51 Attack Works Double Spend Attack, MEDIUM COINMONKS May 5, 2018, httpsblog.goodaudience.comwhatisa51attackordouble spendattackaa108db63474. 152. See Jameson Lopp, Bitcoin Nodes How Many is Enough?, MEDIUM June 7, 2014, httpsmedium.comloppbitcoinnodeshowmanyisenough9b8e8f6fd2cf. Fall 2018 Myth of the Trustless Transaction 23 one or more full nodes and ask that a cryptocurrency transaction be included in a block. The SPV wallet then receives confirmation from the full node that the transaction was included in a block, and that the block is part of a chain.153 The SPV system trusts that a transaction followed by an adequate number of blocks would be too costly to forge.