Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Debt Financing Source will be an express third party beneficiary with respect to Section 8.2 Procedure and Effect of Termination, Section 8.3 Buyer Termination Fee, Section 10.4 Binding Effect Assignment, Section 10.8b Consent to Jurisdiction, Section 10.9 Waiver of Jury Trial, Section 10.10 Governing Law, Section 10.12 Specific Performance, Section 10.14 Amendments Modifications and Section 10.19 NonRecourse the DFS Provisions and NonParty Affiliates will be express thirdparty beneficiaries with respect to Section 10.19 NonRecourse. 94 Section 10.6 Section Headings. The Article and Section headings contained in this Agreement are exclusively for the purpose of reference, are not part of the agreement of the Parties and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Section 10.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement including the Schedules and Exhibits attached hereto, the Confidentiality Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and the other documents delivered pursuant to this Agreement constitute the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. Section 10.8 Consent to Jurisdiction. a Each Party hereby irrevocably agrees that any Legal Dispute shall be brought only in the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Chancery Court or, if the Delaware Chancery Court declines to accept jurisdiction, in any Delaware state or federal court located in the State of Delaware, and each Party hereby consents to the jurisdiction of such courts and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom in any such Legal Dispute and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such Legal Dispute in any such court or that any such Legal Dispute that is brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. During the period a Legal Dispute that is filed in accordance with this Section 10.8 is pending before a court, all Actions with respect to such Legal Dispute or any other Legal Dispute, including any counterclaim, crossclaim or interpleader, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court. Each Party hereby waives, and shall not assert as a defense in any Legal Dispute, that i such Party is not subject thereto, ii such Legal Dispute may not be brought or is not maintainable in such court, iii such Partys property is exempt or immune from execution, iv such Legal Dispute is brought in an inconvenient forum or v the venue of Legal Dispute is improper. A final judgment in any Legal Dispute described in this Section 10.8 following the expiration of any period permitted for appeal and subject to any stay during appeal shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable Laws.