49 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Parent as follows Section 5.1 Organization. Buyer is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted. Section 5.2 Authorization. Buyer has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Buyer and does, when duly executed by all Parties and delivered by Buyer, constitute the valid and binding agreement of Buyer, enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar Laws affecting the enforceability of creditors rights generally, general equitable principles and the discretion of courts in granting equitable remedies. Section 5.3 Consents and Approvals No Violations. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.3 and for the Antitrust Clearances, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will a conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the Charter Documents of Buyer b require any filing with, or the obtaining of any permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any Governmental Entity c violate, conflict with or result in a default or any event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default under, or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation or acceleration under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, mortgage, other evidence of indebtedness, guarantee, License, agreement, lease or other contract, instrument or obligation to which Buyer is a party or by which Buyer or any of its assets may be bound or d violate any Law or Order applicable to Buyer, excluding from the foregoing clauses b, c and d such requirements, violations, conflicts, defaults or rights which would not materially and adversely affect the ability of Buyer to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Section 5.4 Litigation. There is no Action pending or, to the knowledge of Buyer, threatened against Buyer, by or before any Governmental Entity or by any third party which would be reasonably likely to materially and adversely affect or restrict Buyers ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Section 5.5 Financial Capability. a Buyer has entered into i commitment letters the Debt Commitment Letters with the Debt Financing Sources, confirming their respective commitments to provide Buyer with debt financing in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in the amounts set forth therein the Debt Financing, and ii a commitment letter the Equity Commitment 50 Letter and, together with the Debt Commitment Letters, the Financing Commitment Letters with The Veritas Capital Fund VIII, L.P.