It documents the many points at which cryptocurrencies shifts the locus of embedded trust, rather than eliminating the need for such trust. Finally, Part V concludes that rather than replacing trust, cryptocurrencies instead require users to repose their trust in less transparent, less reliable and less accountable parties. The ultimate message is that caveat emptor should be a consumer watchword, and that users should understand that many legal protections they take for granted may not apply when purchasing cryptocur rency. II. Before Cryptocurrency The Fiat Money System The back of all United States currency carries the motto In God We Trust. Yet people using that money often pay little attention to the many levels of earthly trust embedded in that currency. Money played a critical role in the rise of a division of labor, and the move from a subsistence to a market economy. The need for a double coincidence of wants35 chal lenged the scope of barter systems, giving rise to the need for a more flexi ble unit of exchange.36 At first salt, metals like gold or silver, or wampum filled this needserving as a store of value and a unit of exchange.37 But the dangers and logistics associated with storage and transportation presented thorny problems that limited the utility of these items.38 Traders shifted to receipts that could be exchanged as representatives of the underlying com modities. The modern monetary system is dominated by fiat currencies regulated by national governments. Modern money is called fiat money because it has no intrinsic value. It is, instead, established by governmental decreeor fiatand backed by the full faith and credit of that government. Until 1933, money issued by the United States was not fiat money, but was instead rep resentative money, meaning that it was representative of a comparable amount of gold. The back of each such dollar read this note is legal tender for all debts, public and private, and is redeemable in lawful money at the 35. Mike Moffatt, The Double Coincidence of Wants, THOUGHTCO. Feb. 22, 2018, httpswww.thoughtco.comthedoublecoincidenceofwantsdefintion1147998. 36. 37. Id. See generally A. HINGSTON QUIGGIN, A SURVEY OF PRIMITIVE MONEY THE BEGINNINGS OF CURRENCY 1947 JACK WEATHERFORD, A HISTORY OF MONEY 2035 2009. 38. WEATHERFORD, supra note 37, at 2025.