Estimated Transaction Expenses means Parents good faith estimate of Transaction Expenses delivered by Parent in accordance with Section 2.3. Excluded Businesses means all of the former, present or future businesses of Parent and its Subsidiaries, other than i the Business as transferred to the Companies and ii for the avoidance of doubt, any business of the Companies following the Closing. Existing Credit Facilities means the credit facilities established pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 16, 2023 as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, by and among Parent, the foreign borrowers from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. Existing Indentures means each of the a Indenture, dated as of August 30, 2020 as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, among Parent, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. as successor in interest to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, governing Parents 5.000 senior notes due 2028, b Indenture, dated as of August 20, 2020 as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, among Parent, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. as successor in interest to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, governing Parents 5.250 senior notes due 2030 and c Indenture, dated as of April 6, 2021 as 6 amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, among Parent, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, governing Parents 5.125 senior notes due 2029. Financial Statements means, collectively, a the audited balance sheets including any notes and schedules thereto of the Business as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023, b the audited statements of profit and loss and cash flows including any notes and schedules thereto of the Business for the twelve 12month periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023, c the unaudited statement of profit and loss of the Business for the three 3month period ended March 31, 2024, and d the Interim Financial Statements. Fraud means a claim for actual Delaware common law fraud with the intent to deceive based on a representation or warranty contained in Article III, Article IV or Article V provided, that at the time such representation or warranty was made, a such representation or warranty was inaccurate, b the Party intending to deceive had actual knowledge, after due inquiry, of the inaccuracy of such representation or warranty, c the Party intending to deceive had the intent to deceive the other Party, and d the other Party acted in reliance on such inaccurate representation or warranty and suffered injury as a result of such inaccuracy. For the avoidance of doubt, Fraud does not include any claim for equitable fraud, constructive fraud, promissory fraud, unfair dealings fraud, or that is based on negligence or recklessness.