e If the Final Purchase Price is greater than the Closing Purchase Price such excess, the Final Overage, Buyer will pay, or cause to be paid, to Holdings, within five 5 Business Days of the determination of the Final Overage and the Final Closing Statement, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, an amount equal to such Final Overage. f If the Closing Purchase Price is greater than the Final Purchase Price such excess, the Final Underage, Parent will pay, or cause to be paid, to Buyer, within five 5 Business Days of the determination of the Final Overage and the Final Closing Statement, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, an amount equal to such Final Underage. Section 2.8 Purchase Price Allocation. Within sixty 60 days after the Purchase Price shall have been deemed to be the Final Purchase Price, Buyer shall deliver to Parent a schedule that reasonably allocates the Total Consideration together with any assumed Liabilities and any other items required to be taken into account as purchase consideration for U.S. federal income 26 Tax purposes among the assets of Digital First and the assets of any other Company that is treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes if Parent is treated as the regarded owner of such Company for such purposes the Allocation Schedule. The Allocation Schedule will be prepared in a manner consistent with Schedule 2.8 and in accordance with Section 1060 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. Parent shall have a period of twenty 20 days after the delivery of the Allocation Schedule the Response Period to present in writing to Buyer notice of any objections that Parent may have to the allocation set forth therein an Objections Notice. Unless Parent timely objects, such Allocation Schedule shall be binding on the Parties without further adjustment, absent manifest error. If Parent delivers an Objections Notice within the Response Period, Buyer and Parent shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such dispute. If the Parties fail to agree within fifteen 15 days after the delivery of the Objections Notice, then the disputed items shall be resolved by the Independent Accountant, whose determination shall be final and binding on the Parties. The Independent Accountant shall resolve the dispute within thirty 30 days after the item has been referred to it. The costs, fees and expenses of the Independent Accountant shall be borne equally by Buyer and Parent. Except as otherwise required by a final determination within the meaning of Section 1313a of the Code or similar provision of applicable Tax Law, a Buyer and Parent shall and shall cause their respective Affiliates to report the national, federal, state, provincial and local income and other Tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in a manner consistent with the Allocation Schedule, and b neither Buyer nor Parent shall and neither party shall permit its respective Affiliates to take a position inconsistent with the Allocation Schedule on any Tax Return.