Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Buyer, its Affiliates and their respective representatives may make customary disclosures as expressly contemplated by the Debt Commitment Letter including in connection with the syndication of the Debt Financing, subject to the confidentiality undertakings set forth in the Debt Commitment Letter, b Buyer may make such public disclosures that are consistent with prior disclosures by Parent or made in compliance with this Section 6.6 or any communication plan or strategy previously agreed to by the Parties and c Veritas Capital Fund Management, L.L.C. and any of its Affiliates, or a manager or general partner of any such fund, may provide, on a confidential basis, general information regarding this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby to existing or prospective general and limited partners, equity holders, members, managers and investors of any Affiliates of such person in connection with fundraising, marketing, informational or reporting activities. Section 6.7 Tax Matters. a Tax Sharing Agreements. Any Tax sharing or similar or analogous agreement between any Company, on the one hand, and Parent or any Affiliate of Parent other than a Company, on the other hand, shall be terminated as of the Closing Date and shall have no further effect for any Taxable year whether the current year, a future year or a past year. As of the Closing, no Company will have any further obligations to Parent or its Affiliates under any such Tax sharing or similar or analogous agreement. b Responsibility for Filing Income Tax Returns for Periods Ending on or Before the Closing Date and Combined Tax Returns. Parent shall be responsible for preparing and filing i all income Tax Returns of the Companies for all taxable periods ending on or prior to the Closing Date that are due prior to the Closing Date, and ii all Combined Tax Returns, and all such Tax Returns shall be prepared in accordance with past practice except to the extent not supportable at a more likely than not level of confidence or as otherwise required by applicable Law, and Parent shall pay or cause to be timely paid all Taxes shown as due thereon. In the case of any Tax Return described in clause i of the preceding sentence, Parent shall deliver such Tax Return to Buyer at least fifteen 15 days prior to the due date for Buyers review and comment. Parent shall consider in good faith such revisions as are reasonably requested by Buyer within ten 10 calendar days after delivery of such Tax Returns to Buyer. c Allocation for Straddle Period.