Five days later, hackers diverted Ether worth nearly 60 million out of The DAO into a new account.236 The hackers used a technique called a recursive call exploit in which they asked the smart contract to give back Ether invested in the DAO multiple times before the DAO updated the internal balances.237 Observers watched the unknown hackers drain off funds, but because of The DAOs unstoppable code they could not do anything to stop it. Smart contract advocates found themselves in a bind. The code that was supposed to be the contract allowed this conduct to occur. The point of a smart contract is that once entered, it is supposed to inviolableeven if cir cumstances change, or the parties change their minds. Yet faced with flawed code, those who had eagerly bought into an unstoppable code suddenly found that attribute far less desirable than they had imagined.238 In an extremely contentious move, the Ethereum community decided to create a hard fork to reverse the transfers out of The DAO. Hard Fork oppo nents argued vociferously against the decision on the ground that it would violate the immutability of the blockchain, thereby undermining the percep tion that blockchain contracts were permanent.239 This excerpt of a reddit post by derrend is a fairly typical recap of this argument. Q What makes a blockchain valuable? A They are immutable and record an accurate version of history. Q Is the ethereum blockchain immutable and does it represent an accurate version of history? A No. Q Was the integrity of the chain sacrificed in the interests of a small minority? 235. Stephan Taul, No DAO Funds at Risk Following the Ethereum Smart Contract Re cursive Call Bug Discovery, MEDIUM SLOT.IT BLOG June 12, 2016, httpsblog.slock.it nodaofundsatriskfollowingtheethereumsmartcontractrecursivecallbugdiscovery 29f482d348b. 236. See, Ledgerwatch, I Think TheDao is Getting Drained Right Now, REDDIT June 17, 2016, 310 AM, httpswww.reddit.comrethereumcomments4oi2taithinkthedaois gettingdrainedrightnow Vitalik Buterin, Critical Update Re DAO Vulnerability, ETHEREUM BLOG June 17, 2016, httpsblog.ethereum.org20160617criticalupdatere daovulnerability. 237. Antonio Madera, The DAO, the Hack, the Soft Fork and the Hard Fork, CRYPTOCOMPARE July 26, 2016, httpswww.cryptocompare.comcoinsguidesthedao thehackthesoftforkandthehardfork. 238. Subsequent forensic investigations found that a majority of Ethereum smart con tracts ignore bestpractices and are therefore vulnerable to hacks. See Zikai Alex Wen An drew Miller, Scanning Live Ethereum Contracts for the UncheckedSend Bug, HACKING, DISTRIBUTED June 16, 2016, httphackingdistributed.com20160616scanninglive ethereumcontractsforbugs calling Ethereum smart contracts notoriously errorprone.. 239. Madera, supra note 237. 36 Michigan Technology Law Review Vol. 251 A Yes Q If the NSA or the FBI demanded a transaction reversal on the ETH blockchain and ordered the foundation to do so, would they?