8, 2017, httpsmedium.comloomnetwork understandingblockchainfundamentalspart2proofofworkproofofstake Fall 2018 Myth of the Trustless Transaction 13 along with information about the preceding block in the form of a 16digit number called a hash that must be no greater than a target value typically identified as starting by a certain number of zeros.85 The blocks hash serves as a digital fingerprint for the encrypted data, and a means to verify that the data has not been altered. That means that once a block is created, it can only be changed by redoing the entire calculation. And, as new, later blocks are chained to it, anyone seeking to alter a particular block, say to remove an included transaction, would also have to redo all the subsequent blocks. Thus, as blocks are added to the chain, the probability that anyone would succeed in redoing the work and altering the content of a transaction becomes very low. If there is a dispute, the longest chain, which represents the greatest proofofwork effort invested, will be considered the valid chain, representing the true state of the world visvis past cryptocurren cy transactions, and thus current ownership of the coins.86 Miners participate in this system in order to earn the reward for success fully adding a block to the blockchain. A new block is added to the Bitcoin blockchain roughly every 10 minutes. Currently the reward is 12.5 bitcoin per new block added. This reward creates an incentive for miners to spend their time and effort competing to complete each hash. The larger and more dispersed a cryptocurrency networks miner base is, the more secure it is. Thus, cryptocurrency holders want as many miners as possible competing to mine a block more miners make the blockchain more decentralized and more secure. The block reward is intended to create an incentive for miners to add hash power to the network in order to increase their chances of win ning the race to complete the puzzle and claim the reward.87 This winner takesall approach to mining creates something akin to a digital arms race, with miners buying evermore powerful and specialized equipment to in crease their hash power, and thus their likelihood of obtaining the reward. A side effect of this arms race is a pressure on miners to centralize into mining b6ae907c7edb. The reward for successfully generating a block is fixed by the system itself and divides in half after every 210,000 blocks. The reward is currently 12.5 coins per block. This reward will halve by approximately May 2020. See BITCOIN BLOCK REWARD HALVING COUNTDOWN, httpwww.bitcoinblockhalf.com last visited Nov. 23, 2018. Proof of work is not the only blockchain verification model, but for simplicity, this article will focus on proof of work verification. 85. A sample proof of work for the phrase Hello World!, with an explanation of how such a hash is generated, can be found at Proof of Work, BITCOIN WIKI last edited May 15, 2016, httpsen.bitcoin.itwikiProofofwork.