Antitrust Laws means any national, regional, domestic or foreign Law designed to prohibit, restrict or regulate actions for the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of trade or the significant impediment of effective competition. Artificial Intelligence means any system, software or process, including those systems, software and processes derived from machine learning, statistics or other data, designed to operate with varying levels of autonomy, that is capable of processing information andor using computations, as whole or as part of a larger system, to generate outputs such as predictions or recommendations, execute a decision or facilitate human decision making, in each case, which would normally require human intelligence to produce. Automated DecisionMaking Technology means any Artificial Intelligence that processes Personal Information and uses computation, as the whole or part of a system, to make or execute a decision or facilitate human decisionmaking. Balance Sheet Date means December 31, 2023. Bankruptcy and Equity Exception shall mean the effect on enforceability of a any applicable legal requirement relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or preferential transfers, or similar legal requirement relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, and b general principles of equity regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. Base Purchase Price means Two Billion Four Hundred Fifty Million Dollars 2,450,000,000.00. Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday or any days on which banks are generally not open for business in New York, New York. Business Liabilities means any Liabilities other than any Liabilities for or in respect of Tax of Parent andor its Subsidiaries to the extent arising out of or resulting from the Business as transferred to the Companies or incurred by the Companies, or to the extent related to any assets of the Business transferred to the Companies or assets of the Companies, in each case, whether arising prior to, at or after the Closing. 3 Cash means the cash, cash equivalents including marketable securities, bank deposits, liquid instruments and short term investments, in each case, determined in accordance with Accounting Principles, to the extent convertible to cash within thirty 30 days. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, Cash shall a exclude Restricted Cash, b be decreased by each Companys issued but uncleared checks and drafts and wires in transit, c be increased by the amount of any deposited but uncleared checks, drafts or wire transfers received by the Companies, and d if the SEZ Transfer has not been completed as of the Closing, be decreased by the Delayed Payment Amount. CFIUS means the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States.