Charter Documents means, a with respect to a limited liability company, the articles or certificate of organization or formation, and limited liability company agreement or operating agreement, as applicable, b with respect to a corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and bylaws, c with respect to a limited partnership, the certificate of limited partnership and the agreement of limited partnership and d with respect to any other entity, documentation of similar substance to any of the foregoing. Class C Partnership Interests means Class C Partnership Interests of Topco, which interests shall have the rights, terms and obligations set forth in Exhibit 1.1c attached hereto. Closing Cash means Cash as of the Valuation Time. Closing Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the Companies as of immediately prior to the Closing or in the case of Unpaid Income Taxes, calculated in accordance with the definition thereof. Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Collective Bargaining Agreement means any written agreement, memorandum of understanding, recognition agreement or other written contractual obligation between any of the Companies and any labor union, trade union, works council, or other employee representative body with respect to employees of the Companies. Combined Group means a group of Persons that elects to, is required to, or otherwise files a Tax Return or pays a Tax as an affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or other group for purposes of applicable Laws. Combined Tax means any Tax with respect to which any Company has filed or will file a Combined Tax Return. Combined Tax Return means any Tax Return of any Combined Group that includes Parent or any of its Affiliates other than the Companies, on the one hand, and one or more Companies, on the other hand. Company Benefit Plan means each Employee Benefit Plan currently sponsored or maintained by the Companies or that provides compensation or benefits to any Workers of the Business. 4 Company Registered Intellectual Property Rights means all Registered Intellectual Property Rights that are Owned Intellectual Property Rights. Confidential Information Memorandum means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated May 10, 2024 regarding the Business that was delivered to Buyer and its Affiliates or agents. Confidentiality Agreement means that certain confidentiality agreement, dated May 2, 2024, by and between Parent and Veritas Capital Fund Management, L.L.C. Contracts means all written or oral to the extent enforceable agreements, contracts, subcontracts, leases, occupancy agreements, subleases, purchase orders, licenses, sublicenses, arrangements, instrument, undertaking and legally enforceable commitments. Corporate Shared Services means the corporate level services provided to the Business as of the date of this Agreement by Parent or any of its Affiliates other than the Companies that a are set forth on Exhibit 1.1d, or b are included as Services to be provided under the Transition Services Agreement. Current Assets means the current assets of the Business as of the Valuation Time, determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles provided that Current Assets shall exclude income and deferred Tax assets.