Interim Financial Statements means the unaudited balance sheet of the Business and the related unaudited statement of profit and loss of the Business for a the fiscal quarter and related yeartodate period ended June 30, 2024 and b each fiscal quarter and related yeartodate period that ends after the date hereof and at least sixtyone 61 days prior to the Closing Date provided, that for purposes of the definition of Marketing Period and Section 6.24, Interim Financial Statements shall not include this clause b. Internal IT Systems means the IT Systems owned, licensed, leased or used and controlled by the Companies for information technology operations of the Business, excluding all IT Systems owned, leased, licensed or used by Parent or any of its Affiliates excluding the Companies. International Trade Laws means all applicable United States Laws pertaining to trade and economic sanctions, export controls, and imports, including such laws, regulations, and orders administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. Department of State, and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency, including but not limited to the sanctions and export controls administered and enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control the Export Administration Act of 1979, as amended, the Export Control Reform Act of 2018, and implementing Export Administration Regulations the Arms Export Control Act and implementing International Traffic in Arms Regulations the antiboycott 9 regulations, guidelines and reporting requirements under the Export Administration Regulations and Section 999 of the Code and any similar Laws in any other jurisdiction in which any Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their respective agents and representatives, conduct business. IT Systems means computer hardware, software, computer networks and telecommunications and Internetrelated equipment and other information technologyrelated equipment. Knowledge with respect to Parent means all facts actually known, after due inquiry, by those individuals listed on Exhibit 1.1e. Law or Laws means any statutes, laws, rules, codes, directives, regulations, ordinances, tariffs, treaties, Orders or other requirement or rule of law including common law of, or issued by, Governmental Entities. Leased Real Property means premises and the parcels of real property leased, subleased, licensed or otherwise occupied by Parent or any of the Companies exclusively used in the operation of the Business, together with all fixtures and improvements thereon. Legal Dispute means any Action between or among the Parties arising in connection with any disagreement, dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Liabilities means all liabilities and obligations of every kind and nature, whether accrued, fixed or contingent, mature or inchoate, known or unknown, reflected on a balance sheet or otherwise, including those arising under any Law or any judgment of any court of any kind or any award of any arbitrator of any kind, and those arising under any Contract, commitment or undertaking. Licenses means all licenses, permits and certificates issued by any Governmental Entity.