Holdings is the record and beneficial owner of all the Equity Interests free and clear of any and all Liens, other than transfer restrictions under applicable securities Laws, as set forth on Schedule 4.2. Holdings has, and at the Closing will have, good and marketable title to such Equity Interests, and the power, authority and legal capacity to sell, transfer, assign and deliver such Equity Interests to Buyer, as provided in this Agreement. Such Equity Interests will be transferred to Buyer at the Closing free and clear of any Liens, except for restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws. Section 4.3 Consents and Approvals. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.3 and for the Antitrust Clearances, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, and each Ancillary Agreement to which Parent, Holdings or any Company is a party, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement and the fulfillment of and compliance with the terms and conditions hereof do not violate or conflict with a any provision of the Charter Documents or organizational documents of Parent or Holdings, or with any resolution or authorization adopted by the governing body or equity holders of Parent or Holdings, b any Order to which Parent or Holdings is a party or by which Parent, Holdings or any of their respective properties is bound or c any Law or arbitration award applicable to Parent or Holdings, excluding from the foregoing clauses b and c any such conflicts which would not materially and adversely affect the ability of Parent or Holdings to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Section 4.4 Certain Fees. The Companies will not be responsible for, and will have no Liability for, any broker or investment banker fees, commissions, financial advisory fees, brokerage fees, finders fees, or other similar fees or payments payable to any agent, finder, investment banker, or other intermediary which has been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of Parent, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates including the Companies in connection with this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. None of the Buyer nor any of its Affiliates including the Companies will be bound by the terms of any engagement letter which Parent, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates is a party to. Section 4.5 Acquisition for Investment. Holdings is acquiring the Class C Partnership Interests for its own account for investment and not for resale or distribution. Holdings acknowledges that the Class C Partnership Interests have not been registered under the laws of any jurisdiction. Holdings has no Contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any Person to sell, hypothecate, pledge, donate or otherwise dispose of the Class C Partnership Interests and Holdings has no present plan or intention to enter into any such Contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement, in each case, that would constitute a violation of any applicable Law.