Each Party and its counsel cooperated in the drafting and preparation of this Agreement, the documents referred to herein and this Agreement shall not be construed as if prepared by one of the Parties, but rather according to its fair meaning as a whole, as if all Parties had prepared it. Accordingly, any rule of Law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against the party that drafted it is of no application and is hereby expressly waived. ARTICLE II PURCHASE AND SALE Section 2.1 Purchase and Sale of Equity Interests. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing, Parent will, and will cause Holdings to, sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver to Buyer, free and clear of all Liens except for restrictions on transfer imposed by the Securities Act and other applicable state securities laws, and Buyer will purchase, acquire and accept from Holdings, all of Holdings right, title and interest in and to the Equity Interests. Section 2.2 Purchase Price. The aggregate consideration for all of the Equity Interests shall be i an amount equal to a the Base Purchase Price, plus b the Net Working Capital Overage if any, minus c the Net Working Capital Underage if any, minus d Closing Indebtedness if any, minus e Transaction Expenses if any, plus f Closing Cash, and ii Intermediate Stock the amount calculated pursuant to clause i of this sentence, the Purchase Price and collectively with the Intermediate Stock, the Total Consideration. Section 2.3 Closing Purchase Price. On or before the date that is four 4 Business Days prior to the Closing Date and in no event more than eight 8 Business Days prior to the Closing Date, Parent will prepare and deliver to Buyer a written statement the Closing Purchase Price Statement setting forth, as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles, a the 22 Estimated Net Working Capital, b the Estimated Indebtedness, c the Estimated Transaction Expenses, d the Estimated Cash and e the resulting calculation of the Purchase Price such calculation, the Closing Purchase Price. Concurrently with the delivery of the Closing Purchase Price Statement, Parent will provide to Buyer data and schedules with such reasonable specificity as may be appropriate to support the determination of each calculation set forth therein. In connection with Buyers review of the Closing Purchase Price Statement, Parent shall provide Buyer and its Representatives with reasonable access to relevant information and personnel of the Companies and Parent upon request and shall consider Buyers comments in good faith provided, however, that in no event shall Buyers provision of comments to the Closing Purchase Price Statement, or Parents consideration of the same, delay the Closing. Section 2.4 Closing.