Many platforms refer to themselves as exchanges, which can give investors the misimpression that they are regulated or meet the regulatory standards of a national securities ex change.315 In short, platforms not only cloak themselves in the halo of the blockchains immutability, these unregulated entities also benefit from the halo of the regulatory trust generated through rigorous regulation of national securities exchanges.316 D. Trusting an ICO Many of the new cryptocurrencies rely on a novel form of crowdfund ing called an initial coin offering or ICO. In an ICO, every unit of curren cyusually Ether, dollars, or Bitcoinan investor sends to a companys wallet represents a smart contract for purchasing ICO coins from the business. These ICO tokens purport to give investors special access to what ever the underlying business does, as well as giving the investor equity in the network. Theoretically, as the companys product becomes popular, de mand for its coins or tokens will rise, boosting the value of those held by the initial investors. Entrepreneurs sell virtual currencies to investors to raise money for software they are building. Roughly 875 such projects raised over 6 billion in 2017.317 Even bracketing the judgments that go into assessing whether such an investment is likely to be lucrative, there are multiple levels of trust embed ded in these ICO interactions first, trust that the company exists and is not merely a scam and second, trust that the promoters have not struck secret 314. Sylvain Ribes, Chasing Fake Volume A CryptoPlague, MEDIUM Mar. 10, 2018, httpsmedium.comsylvainartplayribeschasingfakevolumeacryptoplague ea1a3c1e0b5e alleging that over 90 of the platforms volume was fabricated. 315. 316. 317. SEC, supra note 29. See, e.g., 17 C.F.R. pts. 201, 240, 242, 249 2017. The website Icodata.io tracks the activity of ICOs. Funds Raised in 2017, ICODATA.IO, httpswww.icodata.iostats2017 last visited Nov. 26, 2018. Fall 2018 Myth of the Trustless Transaction 47 deals to promote or prop up their coins. These layers of trust are necessary for an ICO, but none of them can be protected by the blockchains touted immutability. In a more conventional transaction, SEC regulations would provide what I have elsewhere called regulatory trust318regulatory as surances that provide confidence to the public. Yet, in the new trustless world of the blockchain, regulatory trust does not apply, and instead these ancillary levels of trust get swept into the blockchains halo of reliability. As a result, every new coin offering pre sents another chance to translate a flaky business into an absurd valua tion.319 Take the April 2017 Gnosis ICO as an example. The company self described as a userdriven prediction market based on a coming Cambri an explosion of machine intelligence.320 At the time of the ICO, the compa ny was little more than an idea spelled out on paper and some opensource code. The company held a Dutch auction, hoping to raise 12.5 million dol lars by selling up to 10 million of its coins.