b Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or in any related Contract to the contrary, none of Parent, the Companies or any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives will have any rights or claims against i any provider of Debt Financing, or ii any of the respective former, current or future Representatives of the providers of Debt Financing in connection with this Agreement or the Debt Financing, whether at law or equity, in contract, in tort or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 10.19 shall limit, impair or otherwise modify i the rights of any of the parties to the Debt Commitment Letter including Buyer or its Affiliates party to the Debt Commitment Letter and their respective successors and assigns set forth in the Debt Commitment Letter in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof or ii any liability or obligation of any of the Debt Financing Sources, or any of the rights under any of the definitive documentation with respect to the Debt Financing. Signature pages follow. 99 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written. PARENT NCR VOYIX CORPORATION s David Wilkinson By Name David Wilkinson Title Chief Executive Officer HOLDINGS DIGITAL FIRST HOLDINGS II LLC s Brendan Tansill By Name Brendan Tansill President Title BUYER DRAGON BUYER, INC. s Oladipo Ashiru By Name Oladipo Ashiru Title Authorized Signatory Exhibit 99.1 NCR Voyix Enters Definitive Agreement to Sell Digital Banking to Veritas Capital for 2.45 Billion Purchase Price NEW YORK and ATLANTA August 6, 2024 NCR Voyix Corporation NYSE VYX NCR Voyix or the Company, a leading global provider of digital commerce solutions, and Veritas Capital Veritas, a leading investor at the intersection of technology and government, today announced the signing of a definitive agreement under which an affiliate of Veritas has agreed to acquire NCR Voyixs cloudbased digital banking business for 2.45 billion in cash plus future additional contingent consideration of up to 100 million. NCR Voyixs digital banking platform is currently the largest independent platform of its kind in the United States. With the industrys most comprehensive, digitalfirst product suite, the business seeks to transform consumer and business digital banking with a seamless customer experience across channels in a simple, secure and toprated user experience. It currently serves more than 1,300 toptier financial institutions and over 20 million active users. The business is positioned to build on its strong market presence and leverage its modern platform to win new customers and develop new products to expand its value proposition as a standalone company. We believe that Veritas, as a leading technology investor, is the ideal owner of our digital banking business, as they will continue to invest in market leading products and solutions to meet the needs of our valued financial institution customers. said David Wilkinson, CEO of NCR Voyix. This transaction allows us to drive value for our shareholders by strengthening our financial position and focusing on our core restaurant and retail customers.