Website httpsinvestor.ncrvoyix.com Twitter httpswww.x.comncrvoyix Facebook httpswww.facebook.comncrcorp Instagram httpswww.instagram.comncrvoyix LinkedIn httpswww.linkedin.comcompanyncrvoyix YouTube httpswww.youtube.comncrvoyix About Veritas Capital Veritas is a longstanding technology investor with over 40 billion of assets under management and a focus on companies operating at the intersection of technology and government. The firm invests in companies that provide critical products, software, and services, primarily technology and technologyenabled solutions, to government and commercial customers worldwide. Veritas seeks to create value by strategically transforming the companies in which it invests through organic and inorganic means. Leveraging technology to make a positive impact across vitally important areas, such as healthcare, education, and national security, is core to the firm. Veritas is a proud steward of national assets, improving the quality of healthcare while reducing cost, advancing our educational system, and protecting our nation and allies. For more information, visit www.veritascapital.com. Contacts NCR Voyix News Media Contact Susan Sloan media.relationsncrvoyix.com Investor Contact Alan Katz alan.katzncrvoyix.com Exhibit 99.1 Veritas Capital News Media Contact Prosek Partners ProVeritasProsek.com ForwardLooking Statements This release includes statements which may constitute forwardlooking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the accuracy of which are necessarily subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. In some cases, you can identify forwardlooking statements by the use of words such as may, could, expect, intend, plan, target, seek, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements include, but are not limited to, express or implied forwardlooking statements relating to our expectations regarding the Companys sale of its cloudbased digital banking business, including the estimated proceeds from the sale and the timing of the expected completion of the sale. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those contemplated in these forward looking statements. Investors and others are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forwardlooking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied include our ability to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the sale of the digital banking business, our ability to perform under our agreements with Veritas Capital, our ability to successfully complete the sale, and the other risks and uncertainties further described in the Risk Factors section of the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10K, and in the Companys subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10Q, as well as in the Companys other reports filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, available at www.sec.gov. Forwardlooking statements should be considered in light of these risks and uncertainties.