The specification of any dollar amount in the representations or warranties contained in this Agreement or the inclusion of any specific item in any Schedules is not intended to imply that such amounts, or higher or lower amounts or the items so included or other items, are or are not material, and no Party shall use the fact of the setting of such amounts or the inclusion of any such item in any dispute or controversy as to whether any obligation, item or matter not described herein or included in a Schedule is or is not material for purposes of this Agreement. Section 10.16 Time of Essence. With regard to all dates and time periods set forth in this Agreement, time is of the essence. Section 10.17 Bulk Sales Laws. Parent and Buyer each hereby waive compliance by Parent with the provisions of the bulk sales, bulk transfer or similar Laws of any state or any jurisdiction outside the U.S. Section 10.18 Language Prevailing Documents. This Agreement has been, and the Ancillary Agreements will be, prepared in the English language. In case of any conflict or inconsistency between the English language version of such documents and any translation thereof made for any purpose, the English language version will govern the interpretation and construction of such documents, and for any and all other purposes, except as may be required by applicable Law. In the event that any of the terms of this Agreement conflict with any of the terms of the Ancillary Agreements, the terms of this Agreement will prevail. 98 Section 10.19 NonRecourse. a Each Party acknowledges and agrees that, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this Agreement may be enforced only against, and any claims or causes of action for breach of this Agreement may be made only against, the entities that are expressly identified as parties hereto and without limitation to the rights of any party to any Ancillary Agreements to bring any claims against any other party to such Ancillary Agreement. Except as expressly set forth in the Limited Guarantee or the Equity Commitment Letter, no Person who is not a named Party to this Agreement, including without limitation any past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, equityholder, Affiliate, agent, attorney or representative of any named Party to this Agreement NonParty Affiliates shall have any liability for any obligations or liabilities of any party to this Agreement for any claim whether in contract or tort, at law or in equity for breach of this Agreement or in respect of any oral or other representations made or alleged to be made in connection herewith provided that the Ancillary Agreements shall be enforceable against the parties thereto in accordance with the terms thereof. The Parties agree that NonParty Affiliates are express third party beneficiaries of this Section 10.19a.