Unpaid Income Taxes shall be determined a in the case of a Straddle Period, in accordance with Section 6.7c, b in accordance with the accounting methods and past practices of any Company in preparing its Tax Returns, except to the extent such practice is not supportable at a more likely than not or higher level of comfort or as otherwise required by applicable Law, c by taking into account any item that is required to be included in income under Sections 951, 951A, 1293 or 702 of the Code or any corresponding, similar or analogous provision of federal, state, local or nonU.S. Law with respect to any Company based on a closing of the books with respect to the applicable entity as of the close of business on the Closing Date, and d by treating any income or gain of a type described in Section 3.14o as giving rise to Unpaid Income Taxes determined without regard to any material qualifier and without regard to any item disclosed on any Schedule. Upper Net Working Capital Target means negative 2,600,000. U.S. means the United States of America. U.S. Benefit Plan means each Company Benefit Plan maintained exclusively or primarily for Persons who are employed in the U.S. Valuation Time means 1159 p.m. Eastern time on the day prior to the Closing Date provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of calculating any amount for or in respect of Taxes, Valuation Time shall be the end of the day on the Closing Date. Willful Breach means a deliberate act or a deliberate failure to act, which act or failure to act constitutes in and of itself a material breach of this Agreement, which breach was the conscious object of the act or failure to act. 18 Worker means a any employee of Parent or its Subsidiaries whose job duties or responsibilities are primarily dedicated to the Business, b any selfemployed contractor or individual consultant engaged to perform work personally for the Business and who is in business on their own account or c those who have otherwise been identified in consultation with Buyer as employees that will be transferred to the Companies prior to the Closing as part of the PreClosing Restructuring and are identified on Exhibit 1.1i, which is otherwise subject to change as a result of employee hiring and terminations in the Ordinary Course. Section 1.2 Other Definitions.