It took over an hour before it be came clear which blockchain fork was growing longer, and therefore was the more valid chain. Users may have been surprised to discover that the fate of their crypto assets on the trustless blockchain hinged not on the muchtouted unhackable cryptography but on software updates vulnerable to usual human error or laziness. To avoid such a situation, the Bitcoin Developers Guide counsels that block and transaction data should not be relied upon if it comes from a node that apparently isnt using the current consensus rules.161 It advises SPV clients162 to connect to several full nodes and ensure they are all on the same chain with the same block height,163 plus or minus several blocks to account for transmission delays and stale blocks.164 It goes on to caution that if there is a divergence, it is up to the SPV clients to disconnect from nodes with weaker chains. Notice the layers of trust built into the transac tionsthat nodes are using appropriate software, that nodes are validly pro cessing transactions, and that SPV wallets are monitoring the behavior of the full nodes they are trusting. This vulnerability of light wallets is not a surprise. Satoshi Nakamoto himself noted that SPV verification is reliable as long as honest nodes con trol the network, but is more vulnerable by an attacker . . . the simplified method can be fooled by an attackers fabricated transactions . . .165 Bitcoin developer Peter Todd puts it more bluntly, a full node can lie about a lot of things to an SPV client and theyll be none the wiser.166 In Todds own 160. 161. Id. Blockchain Guide, BITCOIN, httpsbitcoin.orgendeveloperguidedetectingforks last visited Nov. 2, 2018. 162. SPV stands for simplified payment verification. It is a method for verifying transactions without downloading the entire blockchain. 163. An alert after the July 2015 fork advised SPV wallet users to wait until 30 blocks have been added to the chain before relying on a transaction confirmation. Some Miners Gen erating Invalid Blocks, supra note 157. At an average pace of 10 minutes per block, that would be a wait of 5 hours. See Alex Lielacher, How Long Should My Bitcoin Transaction Take?, BITCOIN MKT. J. July 6, 2017, httpswww.bitcoinmarketjournal.comhowlong bitcointransactions. The more usual wait was for six blocks, or an hour wait. 164. 165. 166. Blockchain Guide, supra note 161. Nakamoto, supra note 17, at 5. PeterTodd, Comment to Bitnodes Recently Updated Their Node Counter Crawling Algorithm Apparently the Old One Was Off by an Order of Magnitude, REDDIT Mar. 15, 2014, 230 PM, httpswww.reddit.comrBitcoincomments20hsqlbitnodesecently updatedtheirnodecountercg3d1qy?context3. The Bitcoin wiki makes this point as well. See Lightweight Node, BITCOIN WIKI last edited Jan. 15, 2018, httpsen.bitcoin.itwiki Lightweightnode. Fall 2018 Myth of the Trustless Transaction 25 terms, using a light wallet is just outsourcing your trust to others.167 Most of the people buying and selling cryptocurrency probably have no idea of the levels of trust they are placing in nameless, faceless full nodes.