This situation creates permanently divergent chainsresulting in two distinct longest chains, both of which are considered valid by part of the network. Because the chains follow different validation rules, they are incompatible with each other. With no way to de termine which chain was valid there would no longer be a shared, unam biguous blockchain history that represents something users agree on as the truth. Users cannot send funds from one chain to the other because each chain uses a different, incompatible protocol.202 Experience on the Bitcoin blockchain underscores just how polarizing a contested hard fork can be, and highlights the role that trust plays in crypto currency more generally. In August 2017, the Bitcoin blockchain underwent the contentious hard fork that created Bitcoin Cash over a disagreement about how to handle congestion on the blockchain. A contentious fork is bad enough, but in this case, the circumstances surrounding the fork were rife with allegations of selfdealing and bad faith. As one commenter noted, the conflict eroded trust within the community.203 The commenter then went on to caution participants, seemingly without irony, that parties that dont trust each other have a difficult time compromising and meeting pos sible future challenges.204 The Bitcoin hard fork had its roots in the protocols size limit of 1 MB per block. As Bitcoin gained popularity, users poured into the system. The size limit, combined with the decentralized nature of the network, led to ma jor delays in processing transactions. Disagreement over how to respond to these delays split the Bitcoin community specifically whether to increase the size of the blocks in the chain or make other operational changes to in crease speed of processing.205 A group of miners led by Bitman founder Ji han Wu206 remember Bitmanthe force behind two of the major mining pools pushed aggressively for increasing the size of each block added to the 202. The Differences Between Hard and Soft Forks, WEUSECOINS Aug. 23, 2016, httpswww.weusecoins.comhardforksoftforkdifferences. David Dinkins, Opinion Collapse of Bitcoins New York Agreement Would Long 2017, 203. Have httpscointelegraph.comnewsopinioncollapseofbitcoinsnewyorkagreementwould havelongtermconsequences. COINTELEGRAPH Consequences, Sept. Term 16, 204. 205. Id. Because bitcoin blocks are 1MB in size and it takes 10 minutes to add a block, the chain can process only roughly 7 transactions per second. For comparison, Visa can process 2000 transactions per second. At peak times, bitcoin transactions can take hours to be filled. Blockchain Scaling Why PoW Networks Cant Scale, COINMONKS Aug. 31, 2018, https medium.comcoinmonksblockchainscaling30c9e1b7db1b. 206. Prableen Bajpai, Who is Jihan Wu and Does He Basically Control Bitcoin?, INVESTOPEDIA May 1, 2017, httpswww.investopedia.comnewswhojihanwuanddoes hebasicallycontrolbitcointoday. Wu is a controversial figure because of allegations that he manipulated the cryptocurrency for his own gain. Jeff John Roberts, Does Bitcoin Have a Mining Monopoly Problem?, FORTUNE Aug. 25, 2017, httpfortune.com20170825 bitcoinmining.