f Since October 16, 2023, neither Parent nor any of its Affiliates solely with respect to the Business nor any Company has closed any site of employment or effectuated any group layoffs of employees, in each case, that implicated the notice requirements of the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, nor, as of the date hereof, has Parent nor any of its Affiliates solely with respect to the Business or any Company announced any such action or program for the next six 6 months. g No labor union, trade union, works council or other employee representative body has approval or consultation rights with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. h As of the date hereof, no Worker considered key to the Business is under notice to terminate their employment or engagement with any Company and to Parents Knowledge, no such Worker has given notice to the Companies or Parent of their intent to terminate their employment or engagement within the six 6 month period following Closing. i Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material liability, the Companies and Parent solely with respect to the Business have paid all salaries, wages and other compensation of all Workers that have come due and payable as of the date hereof or have accrued for such amounts and all related payments to the relevant Governmental Entities have been paid or discharged in full or accrued in respect of the period up to the date hereof. 43 Section 3.17 Affiliated Transactions. Except for employment and equity agreements and arrangements entered into by a Company, no officer, director, manager, equityholder, immediate family member of any of the foregoing, or Affiliate collectively, Related Parties and individually, a Related Party of any Company is a party to any material Contract or transaction with a Company or, other than in such Persons capacity as an equityholder which capacity will terminate upon consummation of the PreClosing Restructuring, has any interest in any material property owned by a Company or any material assets of the Business each such Contract, transaction or interest, an Affiliated Transaction. Section 3.18 Insurance Policies. Schedule 3.18 sets forth a true and complete list of each occurrencebased insurance policies including general liability, automobile liability, workers compensation and other comparable nonU.S. employers liability coverage and umbrellaexcess liability solely to the extent related to the foregoing that covers the Companies or the Business under which claims may still be made collectively, the Specified Insurance Policies, true and complete copies of which have been made available to Buyer. All of the Specified Insurance Policies are in full force and effect. Section 3.19 Customers and Suppliers. a Schedule 3.19a sets forth a complete and accurate list of the top 10 customers of the Companies and the Business on a consolidated basis by the dollar value of sales to such customer for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 each a Material Customer.