Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer will promptly notify Parent A of any breach or default or any circumstance that could reasonably be expected to give rise to any breach or default by any party to the Financing Commitment Letters or definitive agreements related to the Financing of which Buyer becomes aware, B of the receipt by Buyer of any written notice or communication from any Equity Financing Source or Debt Financing Source with respect to any actual breach or default, or any termination or repudiation, in each case by any party to a Financing Commitment Letter or any definitive agreements related to the Financing of any provisions of any Financing Commitment Letter or such definitive agreements and C if for any reason Buyer at any time believes it will not be able to obtain all or any portion of the Financing on the terms contemplated by the Financing Commitment Letters. j Parent hereby consents to the use of its and the Companies logos in connection with the Debt Financing provided, that such logos are used solely in a manner that is not intended to or reasonably likely to harm or disparage Parent or its Affiliates or the reputation or goodwill of Parent or its Affiliates. ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES Section 7.1 Conditions to Each Partys Obligations. The respective obligations of each Party to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction or written waiver by such Party at or prior to the Closing of the following conditions 84 a Injunction. There will be no Law, Order or preliminary restraining Order enacted or issued by a Governmental Entity of competent authority and jurisdiction that remains in effect and that makes illegal or prohibits the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and b Consents. The Antitrust Clearances shall have been obtained. Section 7.2 Conditions to Obligations of Parent. The obligations of Parent to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are further subject to the satisfaction or written waiver by Parent at or prior to the Closing of the following conditions a Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Buyer contained herein shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing with the same effect as if made at and as of such time other than representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date prior to the Closing Date, which only need be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date b Performance of Obligations. Buyer shall have performed in all material respects its obligations under this Agreement required to be performed by it at or prior to the Closing pursuant to the terms hereof and c Buyer Officers Certificate. An authorized officer of Buyer shall have executed and delivered to Parent a certificate as to compliance with the conditions set forth in Section 7.2a and Section 7.2b.