Moreover, electricity demands as sociated with the Bitcoin blockchain alone has already reached unsustaina ble levels.146 It seems clear that cryptocurrency proponents will have to address this complicated question and devise a mechanism that can both limit the number of nodes needed to validate each transaction while simul taneously maintaining the overall network trust that each transaction is val id. For that to happen, nodes will have to trust that blocks they did not vali date are nevertheless secure.147 While the future of the blockchain will probably have to involve full nodes trusting each other in some fashion, the blockchain in its current state already explicitly incorporates trust in two very important respects. First, many cryptocurrency transactions use a simplified verification system, which 143. Bitcoin Avg. Transaction Fee Historical Chart, BIT INFO CHARTS Oct. 27, 2018, httpsbitinfocharts.comcomparisonbitcointransactionfees.html. Fees have fallen dramati cally since then, but still average over 2.00 per transaction. This fee, paid by the transaction participants, is on top of the processing fee that merchants pay to bitcoin payment processers. Those merchant fees are frequently touted as much lower than credit card processing fees. 144. 145. Lielacher, supra note 141. Rob Price, A Major Bitcoin Conference is No Longer Accepting Bitcoin Payments Because the Fees and Lag Have Gotten So Bad, BUS. INSIDER Jan. 10, 2018, http www.businessinsider.combitcoinconferencestopsacceptingbitcoinnetworkfees congestion20181. 146. Bitcoins energy footprint is already massive and far in excess of its ascribed value. Producing Bitcoin currently consumes more energy on a daily basis than the entire state of New York. Energy Efficiency of Blockchain and Similar Technologies Hearing Before the S. Comm. on Energy and Nat. Res., 115th Cong. 2018 statement of Arvind Narayanan, Asso ciate Professor, Princeton University, httpswww.energy.senate.govpublicindex.cfmfiles serve?Fileid8A1CECD1157C45D4A1ABB894E913737D. In 2017, Bitcoin mining con sumed 54.2 TWh of energy, as much as the entire country of Bangladesh. Bitcoin Energy Consumption Index, DIGICONOMIST Oct. 22, 2018, httpsdigiconomist.netbitcoinenergy consumption see also Timothy B. Lee, Bitcoins Insane Energy Consumption Explained, ARSTECHNICA Dec. 6, 2017, httpsarstechnica.comtechpolicy201712bitcoinsinsane energyconsumptionexplained. 147. Some speculate that the process will eventually become so unwieldy that it will only be feasible for a few nodes to process a blockat which point, the trust based on decen tralized, unanimous consensus will be called into question. Nodes will have to trust that blocks they did not validate. There are multiple proposed solutions to this conundrum that involve various verification methods. See, e.g., Kassireddy, supra note 128, for an explanation of some of the possible solutions. 22 Michigan Technology Law Review Vol. 251 involves trusting full nodes. Second, blockchain users trust that builtin eco nomic games will keep the miners honest. 1. Most Cryptocurrency Users Wind Up Trusting Individual Nodes When Alice wants to pay Bob with Bitcoin or an altcoin, she broadcasts the transaction to all of the nodes that comprise the peertopeer network for the cryptocurrency in question.148 Those nodes verify the block and the transactions within the block and then relay that block to other nodes.