Thus we see a slew of articles unironically asking questions like Why do People Trust Bitcoin.197 These articles generally wind up ex plaining why Bitcoin, and cryptocurrency more generally, is trustworthy. Indeed, one commenter summed it up by saying bitcoin is trust.198 For a purportedly trustless technology, this claim is staggering. B. Trusting the Collective Governance Process At the same time that transactions require trust in the blockchain itself and in miners as a group, maintaining the blockchain system requires an ad ditional kind of trusttrust in the integrity of the collective decision making process that governs the blockchain. The need for consensus among the validating nodes is touted as the blockchains insurance of validity.199 Yet what happens when the consensus protocol is changed? If the changes are popular, the entire community adopts them. The old chain still exists, but all the users have migrated in unison to the new chain.200 This is the ide al version of a hard fork, and results in adoption of the new protocol without creating a permanent fork in the blockchain. Where things get tricky is when the new protocol is not unanimously accepted. If the community does not agree on the hard fork update path, it can get very, very bad.201 When the interested parties which include, at a minimum, developers, users, miners, investors cannot agree on a solution, the outcome can jeopardize trust in the cryptocurrency. Each stakeholder is forced to choose a side of the dispute, and commit to one version of the con sensus protocol. This kind of hard fork, called a contentious hard fork splits the path of the blockchaincreating two separate chains running par allel to each other. Some nodes mine and verify following the old protocol 196. See e.g., BittBurger, Can the Blockchain Be Hacked, BITCOIN FORUM Dec. 5, 2013, 200AM, httpsbitcointalk.orgindex.php?topic358039.0. In most cases, virtually nothing is known about who the miners are, even their country of residence is unknown. Moreover, miners have a real incentive to hidethey have realized billions of dollars of prof its from mining, some or most of which is hidden from tax authorities. 197. Why Do People Trust Bitcoin?, BEST BITCOIN CASINOS, httpbitcoincasino.best whydopeopletrustbitcoin last visited Nov. 1, 2018. 198. Tyler Willis, Bitcoin is Trust, BIG THINK Dec. 7, 2013, httpbigthink.comcue thefuturebitcoinistrust. 199. SIGRID SEIBOLD GEORGE SAMMAN, CONSENSUS IMMUTABLE AGREEMENT ON THE BLOCKCHAIN 3 KPMG ed., 2016, httpsassets.kpmg.comcontentdamkpmgpdf2016 06kpmgblockchainconsensusmechanism.pdf. 200. Hard forks change block acceptance rules in a fashion that make previously invalid blocks valid. Users relying on older versions of the protocol will not accept the new blocks. As a result, users of the old protocol will remain on their own blockchain indefinitely. 201. Tanzeel Akhtar, Understanding the Upcoming Ethereum Hard Fork, THESTREET Oct. 6, 2017, httpswww.thestreet.comstory143340001understandingtheupcoming ethereumhardfork.html quoting Cyrus Younessi, the Digital Currencies Investment Analyst at Cumberland Mining in Chicago. 30 Michigan Technology Law Review Vol. 251 and other nodes follow the new protocol.