Following the Closing, Buyer shall not i file any amended Tax Return for any Company for a Tax period or portion thereof ending on or before the Closing Date, or ii make, change or revoke any material Tax election or change any accounting period or method of any Company with retroactive effect to any Tax period or portion thereof ending on or before the Closing Date, iii extend or waive, or cause to be extended or waived, any statute of limitations or other period for the assessment of any Tax of any Company for any Tax period or portion thereof ending on or before the Closing Date, or iv enter into or pursue any voluntary disclosure agreements or similar programs with any Governmental Entity that relate to Taxes or Tax Returns of any Company for any Tax period or portion thereof ending on or before the Closing Date, except as otherwise required by Law, in each case without the prior written consent of Parent which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed to the extent taking such action could result in any nonde minimis Liability of Parent or any of its Affiliates for Taxes. f Tax Cooperation. Buyer and Parent will cooperate fully, as and to the extent reasonably requested by the other Party, in connection with the filing of Tax Returns relating to the operations of the Companies and any Action with respect to Taxes. Cooperation includes i the retention and on the other Partys request the provision of records and information that are reasonably relevant to the filing of any Tax Returns and any Action and ii making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided under this Agreement. Each of Parent and Buyer agree A to retain all books and records of the Companies with respect to Tax matters pertinent to the Companies relating to any Taxable period beginning before the Closing Date until the expiration of the statute of limitations and, to the extent notified by Buyer, any extensions thereof of the respective Taxable periods, B to abide by all record retention agreements entered into with any Governmental Entity and C to give the other Party reasonable written notice before transferring, destroying or discarding any books and records and, if the other Party so requests, allow such other Party to take possession of the books and records. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this 63 Agreement, Buyer and its Affiliates shall be entitled to make and Parent shall reasonably cooperate with Buyer in making an irrevocable election under Section 338g of the Code and any corresponding election under state or local Tax Law with respect to any NonU.S. Transferred Corporation. g Survival. This Section 6.7 shall survive until ninety 90 days after the expiration of the stature of limitations including extensions with respect to the applicable Tax. Section 6.8 Preservation of Records.